---
layout: default-layout
title: CVR Module Release Notes - Dynamsoft Capture Vision Android Edition
description:  The release notes of CaptureVisionRouter module - Dynamsoft Capture Vision Android Edition.
keywords: release notes, capture vision router, Android, cvr
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
noTitleIndex: true
---

# Release Notes - DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter Module

## 2.2.10 (03/07/2024)

### New

- Updated the template system
  - Added `StringLengthRange` for `TextDetectionMode`.
  - Added Argument `BarcodeFormat` for `DPMCodeReadingModes`. Currently, you can specify "BF_DATAMATRIX"  or "BF_QR_CODE" for the parameter.
  - Added `ReferenceTaskNameArray` under `Location.ReferenceObjectFilter` to filter the reference objects generated by the task name.
  - Added the support of the `OutputTaskSetting` definition. The following subparameters are available in `OutputTaskSetting` object:
    - `OutputCondition`
    - `TaskResultArray`
    - `TargetROIDefName`
    - `TaskSettingNameArray`
    - `BackwardReferenceOutput`
    - `ReferenceTaskNameArray`
    - `ReferenceResultTypeArray`
    - `Operator`
  - Updated `TextLineSpecification` to support text line group definition. Added the following subparameters:
    - `OutputResults`
    - `ConcatResults`
    - `ConcatSeparator`
    - `ConcatStringLengthRange`
    - `ConcatStringRegExPattern`
    - `ReferenceGroupName`
    - `TextLinesCount`
    - `SubGroups`
  - Offset parameter is optimized.
    - Added `ReferenceObjectType` to specify whether the reference object is an atomic object or the whole image.
    - Added `ReferenceXAxis` & `ReferenceYAxis` to define the X & Y axis.
    - Modified `FirstPoint`, `SecondPoint`, `ThirdPoint` & `FourthPoint`. You can specify whether the X or Y coordinate of the point is measured by percentage.
    - Deprecated `ReferenceObjectSize` Type.
- The following classes are migrated from `DynamsoftCore` module:
  - `CapturedResult`
  - `IntermediateResultReceiver`
  - `CapturedResultReceiver`
  - `CapturedResultFilter`
  - `IntermediateResultManager`
- Added a new call back method `onShortLinesUnitReceived` to the `IntermediateResultReceiver` class.
- Added methods `pauseCapturing` and `resumeCapturing`. Two new enumeration members, `CS_PAUSED` and `CS_RESUMED`, are added to `CapturedState` as well.
- Added a new property `documentSettings` to class `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`. The corresponding class `SimplifiedDocumentNormalizerSettings` is added to the `DynamsoftDocumentNormalizer` module to store the `documentSettings`.

### Breaking Changes

- Changed the logic of the `stopCapturing` method.
  - `CaptureResultReceiver` will not receive results after `stopCapturing` is triggered with `waitForRemainingTasks` false.
  - Support stop capturing after the `pauseCapturing` method is triggered.
- Changed the logic of the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting of `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`:
  - If the result item types don't match the specified template, the method `updateSettings` will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types do not match the task configurations in the template".
  - Based on the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting, the irrelevant tasks will be removed from the template.
  - The `capturedResultItemTypes` should include at least one of the `CRIT_BARCODE`, `CRIT_TEXT_LINE`, `CRIT_DETECTED_QUAD`, `CRIT_NORMALIZED_IMAGE`. Otherwise, the method `updateSettings` will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types should contain at least one task result type".

## 2.0.21 (12/07/2023)

### Changed

- Internal updates to compatible with new versions.

## 2.0.20 (10/26/2023)

### New

- Added the following preset templates:
  - PT_READ_BARCODES_SPEED_FIRST;
  - PT_READ_BARCODES_READ_RATE_FIRST;
  - PT_READ_BARCODES_BALANCED;
  - PT_READ_SINGLE_BARCODE;
  - PT_READ_DENSE_BARCODES;
  - PT_READ_DISTANT__BARCODES;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_NUMBERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_LETTERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_NUMBERS_AND_LETTERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_NUMBERS_AND_UPPERCASE_LETTERS;
  - PT_RECOGNIZE_UPPERCASE_LETTERS;
- Added parameter `Page` to `ImageSource` object.
- Added a new parameter `minImageCaptureInterval` which can be set via the struct `SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings` or the `CaptureVisionTemplate` object of a JSON template file.
- Added "UNKNOWN" as a supported value of the `TextDetectionMode.Direction` parameter. Changed the default value of `Direction` to "UNKNOWN".

### Improved

- Optimize the logic to support calling `IntermediateResultManager.addResultReceiver` and  `IntermediateResultManager.removeResultReceiver` after StartCapturing.
- Added ability to output all templates via methods `outputSettings` and `outputSettingsToFile` by specifying "*" for the parameter `templateName`.

### Fixed

- Small fixes and tweaks.

## 2.0.10 (08/10/2023)

The first version of DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter Android edition.
